Russia Positions Thousands of Troops for Major Assault on East 
U.S. Weighs Shift to Support Hague Court as It Investigates Atrocities 
The next big battle in the war, in Ukraine’s east, is likely to look very different, experts said. 
President Biden met with Prime Minister Narendra Modi of India, who has tried to remain neutral on the war in Ukraine. 
China’s officials and state media have been amplifying Russian propaganda, undercutting diplomatic efforts. 
Thousands of Ukrainian men are avoiding military service, stirring a complicated debate. 
Companies are sharing the financial hits they took after withdrawing from Russia. Get the latest business news. 
As Remote Work Becomes Permanent, Can Manhattan Adapt? 
Philadelphia to Reinstate Indoor Mask Mandate 
A company claimed its experimental drug halved the death rate among critically ill Covid patients. 
Twitter Grapples With an Elon Musk Problem 
‘This Was Trump Pulling a Putin’ 
A One-Woman Rescue Squad for Homeless Students 
Macron Sets Out to Build a ‘Dam’ Against Le Pen. Can It Hold? 
Paul Gosar, Far-Right Incumbent, Faces G.O.P. Challengers in Arizona 
Putin’s War in Ukraine Is a Watershed. Time for America to Get Real. 
Globalization Isn’t Over. It’s Changing. 
Is Trump the Democrats’ Secret Weapon? 
To Be Pro-Choice, You Must Have the Privilege of Having Choices 
I Would Have Never Bought This Home if I Knew It Flooded 
In Defense of Email 
What Happened When 150,000 Songbirds Descended Into Music City 
Paul Krugman on Why the Economy Is Doing Better Than We Think 
The Boston Marathon’s Brainless Bigotry 
Advice for Veterans Who Want to Get on a Plane to Ukraine 
Doctors, Attend to Your Mental Health 
I’m a Trans Woman. Bullies Don’t Surprise Me, but Allies Still Do. 
How Do We Deal With a Superpower Led by a War Criminal? 
When a Supreme Court Justice Probably Endorsed Perjury 
We Are Wasting Time on These Climate Debates. The Next Steps are Clear. 
How a Cancer Diagnosis Makes Jesus’ Resurrection Mean More 
A Mentalist Sets a Central Park Running Record (Just as He Foresaw) 
The best new network comedy reflects a significant reality, our critic writes. 
This wooden knife is definitely sharper than your steel ones. 
The Morning 
Listen to ‘The Daily’ 
Listen to Times Articles, Narrated for You 
Read the Running Newsletter 
Legal Marijuana Sales Expected to Start Within Weeks in New Jersey 
Despite Low Turnout, Mexico Voters Back President to Stay in Office 
Sikhs Sue Marine Corps Over Restrictions on Beards 
How to Save on Your Taxes and Other Last-Minute Tax Tips 
PG&E Agrees to Pay $55 Million in Penalties Over 2 California Wildfires 
After a Week of Political Turmoil, Pakistan Gets a New Leader 
U.S. Stocks Fall and Bond Yields Rise Ahead of Inflation Report 
Biden Names Former Federal Prosecutor to Lead A.T.F. 
Britney Spears, Out of Conservatorship, Says ‘I Am Having a Baby’ 
Arbitrator Clears Buffalo Police Officers Who Shoved 75-Year-Old Protester 
Mira Calix, Iconoclastic Composer and Artist, Is Dead at 52 
A Full-Body Strength Training Workout at Home 
A Beginner’s Guide to Yoga 
5 Workouts You Can Do in Under 10 Minutes 
How Exercise May Affect Our Alcohol Consumption 
Aging Well: The ‘Active Grandparent Hypothesis’ 
A Lover’s Impact on David Wojnarowicz, for All to See 
9 Ways to Visualize a 12-Figure Fortune 
Jennifer Egan’s New Novel Riffs on the Allure of Tech 
‘What If Africa Was the Birthplace of Fashion?’ 
‘Billions’ Season 6 Finale Recap: Rhoades to Perdition 
Spelling Bee 
The Crossword 
Letter Boxed 
Tiles 
Vertex 
